So welcome to the Energy Dev Room.
We're all happy that you're here.
For those who are speaking today, thank you for generating the content for the talks today.
It was really exciting to see the proposals that came in.
Just a couple, I guess like housekeeping rules of housekeeping.
If there's an empty seat in the middle to make space for people who might be coming
in, we're going to ask you to squeeze to the middle.
It would be great if you could start already right now because I'm seeing some empty seats
in the middle.
We see empty seats, yeah.
Squeeze together so there's people coming in so they can have somewhere to sit.
Thank you.
Anything else we need?
Should we introduce anyone?
Yeah.
Who's going to introduce the volunteers?
Yeah, so the organizers for the room.
I'm Rachel Tipton.
I work for Open Climate Fix.
We have Boris Dali from RTE, RTU.
Anna.
Yeah, do you want to introduce yourself there?
Hi, I'm Anna.
Yeah, one of the organizers.
We have Dan from the Linux Foundation Energy.
Kai from Everest Pionics.
Nico, who's been managing all the things the past days.
Thank you.
Yeah, thank you all.
Yeah, and also if there's speakers who have questions about the setup, you can in between
the talks if you're a little worried about how you're going to get your computer setup.
Feel free to approach us in the blue shirts or any of the other managers will be trying
to help you.
Okay.
And by the way, there's been a small organizational change.
The first and the second talk have been switched around, so don't be confused.
Yeah.
And have fun.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you.